DEV: Redis in VS Code docs (#549)
redis/docs: content/develop/connect/insight/vscode-extension.md

<img src="../images/ri-vscode-initial.png">

Click on the **+ Connect database** button. A dialog will display in the main pane. In the image shown below, all the options have been checked to show the available details for each connection. These connection details are similar to those accessible from the Redis CLI (`redis-cli`).

{{< note >}}
When you select a logical database, you won't be able to change it later; there's no mechanism to do so. If you need to connect to a different logical database, you need to add a separate database connection.
{{< /note >}}

<img src="../images/ri-vscode-add-menu.png">

After filling out the necessary fields, click on the **Add Redis database** button. The left side pane, where you would normally see folders and files in normal operation, shows your database connections.

### Connection tools

There are several connection-related tools that are displayed for each opened connection.

<img src="../images/ri-vscode-cnx-tools.png">

Left to right, they are:

- Refresh connection, which retrieves fresh data from the connected Redis database.

> - Edit connection. A dialog similar to the one shown in the previous section is displayed.

Reviewer: Maybe keep similar style to the first item?
```suggestion
- Edit connection, which shows a dialog similar to the one described in [Connect to Redis Databases](#connect-db) above.
```

- Delete connection.

> - Open CLI. [More on this later](#cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open CLI. See [CLI tool](#cli) below for more information.
```

- Sort keys, either ascending or descending.
- Filter keys by key name or pattern, and by key type.
- Add new key by type: Hash, List, Set, Sorted Set, String, or JSON.

<img src="../images/ri-vscode-cnx-view.png" >

## Key view

Here's what you'll see when there are no keys in your database (the image on the left) and when keys are present (the image on the right).

> | View with no keys | View with JSON keys |

Reviewer: Maybe do this so the tops of the images align? Having them side-by-side is a good idea, though. BTW, if you use https://www.drawio.com/ to compose the images, there is a [VSCode extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hediet.vscode-drawio) that lets you edit the resulting SVG image directly in the editor window. Handy for quick updates.

Author: Another great idea. No idea how to proceed.

Author: I got this sorted. Look for next merge.

|:---               |:---                     |
| <img src="../images/ri-vscode-no-keys.png"> | <img src="../images/ri-vscode-w-keys.png" > |

> Redis for VS Code will automatically group the keys based on the one available setting **Delimiter to separate namespaces**, which you can view by clicking on the gear icon in the top-right of the left side pane. Click on the current value to change it. The default setting is the colon (`:`) character.

Reviewer: Sorry if too picky! :-) 
```suggestion
Redis for VS Code will automatically group the keys based on the one available setting, **Delimiter to separate namespaces**, which you can view by clicking on the gear icon in the top-right of the left side pane. Click on the current value to change it. The default setting is the colon (`:`) character.
```

<img src="../images/ri-vscode-settings.png">

Click on a key to display its contents.

<img src="../images/ri-vscode-key-view.png">

### Key editing tools

> There are several editing tools that you can use to edit key data. Each data type will have their own editing capabilities. JSON data is shown in the following examples.
> 
> Changes to keys are immediately written to the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several editing tools that you can use to edit key data. Each data type has its own editing capabilities. The following examples show edits to JSON data. Note that changes to keys are immediately written to the server.
```

- **Rename**. Hover over the key name to change it.

<img src="../images/ri-vscode-edit-name.png">

- **Set time-to-live (TTL)**. Click on the **TTL** field to set the duration in seconds.

<img src="../images/ri-vscode-edit-ttl.png">

- **Delete**. Click on the trash can icons to delete the entire key (highlighted in red) or portions of a key (highlighted in yellow).

<img src="../images/ri-vscode-edit-del.png">

> - **Add to key**. Click on the `+` button next to the closing bracket (shown highlighted in green above) add a new component to a key. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Add to key**. Click on the `+` button next to the closing bracket (shown highlighted in green above) to add a new component to a key. 
```

<img src="../images/ri-vscode-edit-add.png">

- **Refresh**. Click on the refresh icon (the circular arrow) to retrieve fresh data from the server. In the examples below, refresh was clicked and the key now has a new field called "test" that was added by another Redis client.

| Before refresh | After refresh |
|:---               |:---                     |
| <img src="../images/ri-vscode-recycle-before.png"> | <img src="../images/ri-vscode-recycle-after.png" > |

## The CLI tool {#cli}

The connection tool with the boxed `>_` icon opens a Redis CLI window in the **REDIS CLI** tab at the bottom of the primary pane.

<img src="../images/ri-vscode-cli.png">

> The CLI interface works just like the `redis-cli` command.

Reviewer: Just for good measure.
```suggestion
The CLI interface works just like the [`redis-cli`]({{< relref "/develop/connect/cli" >}}) command.
```
